Document validate_config (#1223)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/api/websocket.md

}
```

## Validate config

This command allows you to validate triggers, conditions and action configurations. The keys `trigger`, `condition` and `action` will be validated as if part of an automation (so a list of triggers/conditions/actions is also allowed). All fields are optional and the result will only contain keys that were passed in.

```json
{
  "id": 19,
  "type": "validate_config",
  "trigger": ...,
  "condition": ...,
  "action": ...
}
```

> The server will respond with the image encoded via base64.

Reviewer: image?

Author: ```suggestion
The server will respond with the validation results. Only fields will be included in the response that were also included in the command message.
```
